drance: Biggest test for the 2019-20 season is whether Virtanen's development as a puck moving D can translate to the NHL level.
drance: I've read the Quinn Hughes story a million times and honestly it doesn't sound very impressive.
drance: I like this because it means the #TeamScurvy will be a real team heading into tomorrow's game. #Canucks fans will be rooting for Team Scurvy to win.
drance: The biggest question heading into Wednesday's game is whether the Maple Leafs can bring their brutal, hard puck possession style back to the Vancouver market.  Travis Green is the guy that probably answers that question.
wyatt: For those wondering, no change to the roster for tonight's game: Weisbrod, Gillis, Linden, Aquilini, Linden, Messier, Johansen, Burke, Gilman, Smith, Malhotra, Linden, Parise, Salo, Kesler, Burrows, Hamhuis, Schneider, Linden, AV, and more.
wyatt: You know what I think of when people call the Canucks "the Canucks"?   "They're the Canucks."  - Daniel Sedin, March 28th, 2003
wyatt: Canucks will always find a way to lose to the Canucks, that's just the nature of the beast.
wyatt: One of the best things to come out of the Canucks season is the emergence of our new mascot, The Flappy Bird King.
aquilini: We are not that far from the final. There are 10 points still to be won.  #TheFactsTellingTheStorySoFar
taj: A team can come out of the tunnel and still be still be trash in an empty building.
drance: Clearing my memory slate tonight
aquilini: I don't think I'll be taking any meetings today.   I've got to talk to people, so I'm going to get together with the team and get to work.
aquilini: It's the type of season that will never be forgotten. I don't think we ever saw it coming.
aquilini: I don't think we will be playing a lot of our young guys this year.
aquilini: I'm not worried about the results, I'm just concerned about the process.
aquilini: I don't have an update on the Gillis situation. I have to do that tomorrow morning. I haven't heard anything. I don't know where the bridge is or where it's going. I have a lot of work to do tomorrow morning.